DONE - unearth how the socket.io chat demo on AWS works
DONE - put my own socket.io / aws server up
- install simple signalling server on it
- use it as signalling server for simple peer

BUT IDEA

Why do we need a signalling server?
How long is signalling data valid for?
Can I generate my "signalling code" ( an opaque block of, say, b64 or whatever, or a QR code or whatever )
A QR code is more than enough to contain signalling offer key information ( for data channel, around 400 bytes )

But still these only live for like 30 seconds. I read.

The problem as I see it is I do not want to set up a server for this simple extension. I just want to allow people to converse with each other 
sans any intermediary.

That's P2P. That's also low cost.

I understand the technical requirement for a signalling server. 

And really there is no way around it. Even I use some third party messaging system like FCM, I still need to make requests to FCM
from a secure client which therefore must reside on a server to protect the API key. 

So any P2P app without manual signalling requires a server.

So then we must use manual signalling.

But F copy and paste

We can use something like IM.

Discord: https://discord.gg/9yrzbta

The problem with setting up a signalling server is:

- cost
- complexity ( it's a whole app in itself, because then I will need ident etc )

If I am going to do this, then I may as well just do my primary project first. 
These ideas are meant to be single day ideas.

I will possibly have a signalling server as part of primary project in future. 
But that is, if I choose it, necessary and justified cost and complexity.

For a tiny project like this, I want to skip it.

So I will launch the extension, with instructions on how to signal with your friends
( just swap on hangouts, or some other IM )
Or signal with strangers. Come to the app discord and join the daily signalling swap.

People can resarch together, etc. I like this idea, but I don't want a signalling server, for now.







